.TH CLUSTERSYNC 8 "19 Jun 2012"
.SH NAME
clustersync \- Tool for replicating and syncing config files
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBclustersync\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBclustersync\fP is a daemon based on \fBrsync\fP that check for
changes on files across a cluster. Running clustersync in all nodes
of a cluster with the same configuration will result in having all
config files and other data synced.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB/etc/default/clustersync\fR
The main and default config file of clustersync.
.RS
.TP
\fISTART="{yes|no}"\fP
If start or not. This option is readed just by the init.d script.
.TP
\fIINTERVAL="integer"\fP
Interval between file checking. Value in seconds. Possitive integer expected, 
default will be used if missing. Default: 30
.TP
\fINODE_LIST="node1 node2"\fP
Where to connect to compare files. If empty, will do nothing. A space separated list of names as `uname -n` shows, in this way: NODE_LIST="node1 node2 node3".

As you can sync this file itself, be free to declare all nodes including the one running this daemon in each node's NODE_LIST list.
.TP
\fIFILE_LIST="file"\fP
The file with the filelist to be synced. Default is \fB/etc/clustersync.conf\fP.
.TP
\fIUSE_MD5="{yes|no}"\fP
For determining the sync, \fBrsync\fP can work checking the time&size of a file or checking the MD5 sum. 
Using MD5 is slower but in clustersync works better in a scenario with lot of nodes (avoiding feedback). Default: no
.TP
\fILOGLEVEL="{no|error|warning|info|debug1|debug2}"\fP
The loglevel you want to get, wich are self-explanatory. Logging is performed using \fBlogger\fP interface (see \fBlogger(1)\fP) to syslog. Default: error
.TP
\fIBWLIMIT="integer"\fP
Bandwidth limit, in KBPS. A possitive integer is expected. Zero means no limit. Default: 0
.RE
.TP
\fB/etc/clustersync.conf\fR
Use this file to declare the filelist you want to have in sync. Only an absolute file path per line, without comments. 
This file will be passed to \fBrsync\fP in the option "--files-from=" (see \fBrsync(1)\fP).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBrsync(1)\fP
.SH BUGS AND SUGGESTIONS
Contact the author, see the code or whatever at \fBhttps://github.com/aborrero/clustersync\fP
